getopts optstring name [arg ...]
    Used by shell procedures to parse the specified arguments (or
    positional parameters, if no arguments are given) and to check for
    legal options.  optstring contains the option letters that getopts
    is to recognise.  If a letter is followed by a colon, the option
    is expected to have an argument.  Options that do not take argu‐
    ments may be grouped in a single argument.  If an option takes an
    argument and the option character is not the last character of the
    argument it is found in, the remainder of the argument is taken to
    be the option's argument; otherwise, the next argument is the
    option's argument.

    Each time getopts is invoked, it places the next option in the
    shell parameter name and the index of the argument to be processed
    by the next call to getopts in the shell parameter OPTIND.  If the
    option was introduced with a ‘+’, the option placed in name is
    prefixed with a ‘+’.  When an option requires an argument, getopts
    places it in the shell parameter OPTARG.

    When an illegal option or a missing option argument is encoun‐
    tered, a question mark or a colon is placed in name (indicating an
    illegal option or missing argument, respectively) and OPTARG is
    set to the option character that caused the problem.  Furthermore,
    if optstring does not begin with a colon, a question mark is
    placed in name, OPTARG is unset, and an error message is printed
    to standard error.

    When the end of the options is encountered, getopts exits with a
    non-zero exit status.  Options end at the first (non-option argu‐
    ment) argument that does not start with a ‘-’, or when a “--”
    argument is encountered.

    Option parsing can be reset by setting OPTIND to 1 (this is done
    automatically whenever the shell or a shell procedure is invoked).

    Warning: Changing the value of the shell parameter OPTIND to a
    value other than 1 or parsing different sets of arguments without
    resetting OPTIND may lead to unexpected results.
