typeset -f [-tux] [name ...]
    Display or set parameter attributes.  This is a declaration util‐
    ity.  With no name arguments, parameter attributes are displayed;
    if no options are used, the current attributes of all parameters
    are printed as typeset commands; if an option is given (or “-”
    with no option letter), all parameters and their values with the
    specified attributes are printed; if options are introduced with
    ‘+’, parameter values are not printed.

    If name arguments are given, the attributes of the named parame‐
    ters are set (-) or cleared (+); inside a function, this will
    cause the parameters to be created (with no value) in the local
    scope (but see -g).  Values for parameters may optionally be spec‐
    ified.  For name[*], the change affects all elements of the array,
    and no value may be specified.

    When -f is used, typeset operates on the attributes of functions.
    As with parameters, if no name arguments are given, functions are
    listed with their values (i.e. definitions) unless options are
    introduced with ‘+’, in which case only the function names are
    reported.

    -a      Indexed array attribute.

    -f      Function mode.  Display or set functions and their
            attributes, instead of parameters.

    -g      Do not cause named parameters to be created in the local
            scope when called inside a function.

    -i[n]   Integer attribute.  n specifies the base to use when dis‐
            playing the integer (if not specified, the base given in
            the first assignment is used).  Parameters with this
            attribute may be assigned values containing arithmetic
            expressions.

    -L[n]   Left justify attribute.  n specifies the field width.  If
            n is not specified, the current width of a parameter (or
            the width of its first assigned value) is used.  Leading
            whitespace (and zeros, if used with the -Z option) is
            stripped.  If necessary, values are either truncated or
            space padded to fit the field width.

    -l      Lower case attribute.  All upper case ASCII characters in
            values are converted to lower case.  (In the original Korn
            shell, this parameter meant “long integer” when used with
            the -i option.)

    -n      Create a bound variable (name reference): any access to
            the variable name will access the variable value in the
            current scope (this is different from AT&T UNIX ksh93!)
            instead.  Also different from AT&T UNIX ksh93 is that
            value is lazily evaluated at the time name is accessed.
            This can be used by functions to access variables whose
            names are passed as parameters, instead of using eval.

    -p      Print complete typeset commands that can be used to re-
            create the attributes and values of parameters.

    -R[n]   Right justify attribute.  n specifies the field width.  If
            n is not specified, the current width of a parameter (or
            the width of its first assigned value) is used.  Trailing
            whitespace is stripped.  If necessary, values are either
            stripped of leading characters or space padded to make
            them fit the field width.

    -r      Read-only attribute.  Parameters with this attribute may
            not be assigned to or unset.  Once this attribute is set,
            it cannot be turned off.

    -t      Tag attribute.  Has no meaning to the shell; provided for
            application use.

            For functions, -t is the trace attribute.  When functions
            with the trace attribute are executed, the xtrace (-x)
            shell option is temporarily turned on.

    -U      Unsigned integer attribute.  Integers are printed as
            unsigned values (combine with the -i option).  This option
            is not in the original Korn shell.

    -u      Upper case attribute.  All lower case ASCII characters in
            values are converted to upper case.  (In the original Korn
            shell, this parameter meant “unsigned integer” when used
            with the -i option which meant upper case letters would
            never be used for bases greater than 10.  See the -U
            option.)

            For functions, -u is the undefined attribute.  See
            Functions above for the implications of this.

    -x      Export attribute.  Parameters (or functions) are placed in
            the environment of any executed commands.  Exported func‐
            tions are not yet implemented.

    -Z[n]   Zero fill attribute.  If not combined with -L, this is the
            same as -R, except zero padding is used instead of space
            padding.  For integers, the number instead of the base is
            padded.

    If any of the -i, -L, -l, -R, -U, -u or -Z options are changed,
    all others from this set are cleared, unless they are also given
    on the same command line.
